📦 v1.0.5 is out!
A tiny picture book about the AgentMonitoring app:
what shipped, how to ship the next one, and three traps to dodge.
1 What just shipped?
⭐📝
Some notes wear a star: “essential.”
😬 Before: changing a note's type could quietly knock the star off. Nobody noticed.
✅ Now (v1.0.5): the app says “Careful — this removes the star!” and hands you the exact command to put it back. Leaving the type out never touched the star.
🔍 Bonus fix: the app only treats a note as “brand new” when the check clearly says “not found” — a hiccup during the check no longer looks like a first write.
2 How updates reach the app
💻 installed:
1.0.1
➜
1.0.2 skipped
1.0.3 skipped
1.0.4 skipped
➜
🆕 installs:
1.0.5
The app's sidebar card always offers the newest version.
It jumps straight there — no stops in between.
🪟 From 1.0.2 onward, the update hides behind a pretty splash screen.
Updating from 1.0.1 or older still flashes the old black console window — one last time.
3 How to ship the next version
STEP A Write the same number in three files:
📄
package.json
1.0.6
📄
tauri.conf.json
1.0.6
📄
Cargo.toml
1.0.6
If they disagree, the release script refuses to run . That's on purpose.
STEP B Run one command:
npm run release
🔨 builds the
installer
➜
☁️ uploads to
GitHub
➜
🔔 every app sees
“update available”
If something breaks mid-update: a message box pops up, and the full story is in
%TEMP%\agentmonitoring-update.log
4 Three traps (each bit us once)
🧓💬
Old PowerShell needs a magic word.
Downloads via Invoke-WebRequest must add -UseBasicParsing , or PowerShell 5.1 chokes.
🗂️➜🥞
Wildcards flatten folders.
Tauri's resources with a * glob dumps everything into one pile. Map folder → folder instead.
🐘📌
The installer never forgets.
NSIS saves the last install folder in the registry ( HKCU\...\agentmonitoring ). One test-install to a scratch folder, and the next “default” install goes there too — until you delete the key.
5 Two small things to know
🚪
Plugging into a project = .mcp.json
The app's “New project” option or agentmon init --mcp-json writes it for you, without clobbering what's there. No more “register it yourself” instructions.
🏷️
One crooked old label.
The v1.0.0 tag points one commit too early — but the uploaded installer was built from the fixed code, so it behaves fine. Every release since matches perfectly.
That's the whole story: bump three numbers, run one command, dodge three traps. 🎉
